I came back to see if I was pissed off by you
grandma
I will not divorce an affair
The affair will only be with my wife
Pardon me?
What you said is true.
Grandma you are right
Siqing is a good girl
I misunderstood her before
Now I have to protect her
Live well with her
But she doesn't seem to want to be with me.
What do you want me to do for you?
But let me say it first
Your own wife, you have to chase it yourself
I can't help you much
Grandma, Seven
Is the divorce difficult?
Hangjiang doesn't want to leave again
But don't worry, grandma.
Whether he wants to leave or not
It won't affect our lives
Xiaojiang, did he say why he didn't get a divorce?
Something must have happened in between
Didn't say why
Xiaoqing, although we are not locals of Xiangjiang
You don't have your parents to support you
But milk milk
As long as grandma has this tone
I will never let the little bastard ask the boy to do anything wrong
I'm going to call your grandmother
Ask for an explanation
His grandmother's grandson is a baby
But my little green
The grandson of the huge baby in my palm
Shulin is right
This thing
I will definitely give you and Xiaoqing an explanation.
Good grandma, this expert is really not a person
He was the one who wanted the divorce
Not leaving now
What is he when Xiao Qi?
This little bastard
If I ever see him again
I had to break his leg.
I'm pissed off.
I'm really pissed off.
Xiaoxin, don't worry.
Don't be angry about your identity.
Woods I know you are soft-hearted
I can't take advantage of your kindness
Let this go.
woods
Why don't you pack your things?
Now go to Nanshan with me to recuperate
Let's pay that brat back all his money